[music playing]
-Steer to port.
SAILOR: Steer to port!
-All pilots, prepare for launch.
-On the double.
[screaming]
-Sound the alarm.
Level three alert!
-Right.
[grunting]
-What the heck?
Are they using Wind
Style or something?
-It's chakra.
They're circulating
chakra into the wings,
creating air pressure and
enough lift to make them fly.
-Sky ninja?
Never heard of 'em.
TSUNADE: To be able to launch an
air attack with such strength.
-Who in the world
could they be, milady?
-Well, during the Second Great
Ninja War, a group of ninja
excelled at jutsu that let them
fly by manipulating chakra.
They called themselves
the Land of Sky.
They opposed the
Five Great Nations,
so the Leaf destroyed them.
-You're saying this attack is
somehow related to those ninja?
[groaning]
TSUNADE: Then their target
would be the Leaf Village.
And by extension, they
may seek their revenge
on the entire Land of Fire.
[yelling]
[yell]
-Ah!
-No.
What in the world's going on?
-You there!
Give me a hand!
[grunting]
-Don't worry, old man.
I got ya.
[grunt]
[groaning]
He needs a doctor, quick.
-One of his lungs is punctured.
-Huh?
-He won't make it to the
hospital in this state.
-No way-- you're a doctor?
-Not good.
It's traumatic pneumothorax.
Air's building up inside
his chest, suffocating him.
-What's that for?
Eh!
[air hissing]
[sigh]
-Good.
Now you can take this
man to the hospital.
-Me take him?
But I gotta go after the
guys who trashed the village.
-Don't waste your time.
You'd be like a stray cat
trying to jump high enough
to swat down a crow.
-A stray cat?
-Yup.
And when that cat
falls, he falls hard.
Right now, just focus on saving
lives, even if it's only one.
There will be plenty of
time for fighting, trust me.
And try not to bend his chest
when you carry him, Naruto.
-Huh?
Hey, old man!
That's weird.
How did he know my name?
-The assault force has
started to pull back.
Neji, can you see why?
-Yes, they've run out of chakra.
They need to recoup.
-Interesting.
Which means if we calculate
the amount of chakra they used
in the attack versus what
they have left in the tank,
we should be able to
determine the distance
that they're flying to get home.
-So it would seem.
-Lady Tsunade.
Good, you're safe.
-Yes, but I wish I'd been
the only one they'd hurt.
They've overrun
the entire village,
but they didn't
finish us off, which
means they must have some
greater objective in mind.
-Shinobi from the Land of Sky.
-Doctor, we found another.
SAKURA: Put her here.
Incredible.
-She's stable.
She'll pull through.
-Another?
Just like the patient
Naruto brought in.
This girl was treated perfectly.
Who could do this?
And in the middle
of a battlefield.
-Hmm, this old man was-- aah!
-It was Master Shinno.
This girl-- and him!
They were all treated
by Dr. Shinno!
-Dr. Shinno?
-That name sounds familiar.
-Hey, are you friends with
that old guy or something?
-You said you saw him, right?
Where?
Where's the doctor now?
-Whoa, chill out.
-It's my village.
They're in trouble
and need help.
Please hurry, I--
-Hey, easy.
Who is this kid?
SHINNO: You've been
a great help, Naruto.
NARUTO: When I found out he's
your apprentice, old man, I,
I just couldn't leave him.
-Apprentice?
-Yeah, right?
He's your-- I mean, this kid--
-Amaru.
-Yeah.
You're the great doctor
Amaru talked about.
-That's kind of
you to say, Naruto,
but I don't think I deserve
such a noble title as doctor.
-Ah, don't be modest.
Without you, there would've
been a lot more wounded people
that wouldn't have survived.
That's what Sakura and
the others are saying.
-Hm.
Amaru's village is way on the
outskirts of the Land of Fire.
Even so, last night
it was attacked
by a group of unknown ninja.
Many people were injured.
Amaru came here to seek my help.
-No one knows who was
behind the attack?
[groan]
Huh?
Hey, little boy, you awake?
-Aah!
[scream]
-Hey kid, are you sure you're
in good enough shape to leave?
-Hmph.
Dr. Shinno has agreed to come
lend us a hand in my village.
I can't waste time sleeping.
-I got it.
SAKURA: Then it's
a good thing we
formed an emergency
three-man medical squad.
-Huh?
S-Sakura?
Hinata!
What?
Wait, a three-man squad?
-Yes, that's right.
Including you, Naruto,
it's three people.
-Eh?
-If you accompanied us,
it would be a great help.
-W-wait, I never said--
-Here.
-Huh?
SAKURA: A protective
charm from Master Jiraiya.
-Good.
Then it's decided.
-Naruto?
-Eh?
-Let's do our best.
-Aah!
I--
NARUTO (VOICEOVER):
Why can't I be
part of the counterattack force?
-Let him through,
let him through.
-Nice one, nice one.
-Keep it going, keep it going.
SOLDIER 1: Get out of the
way, get out of the way.
We got more incoming, come on.
SOLDIER 2: Step back.
SOLDIER 1: Coming in!
SOLDIER 3: Next one.
Good.
-Ninja Art-- Super Beast Scroll.
[screech]
-Enemy spotted.
SOLDIER (ON COMM): How many?
-Uh, just one.
[laughter]
-Hah, foolish Leaf.
They're counterattacking
faster than we expected,
but they clearly
didn't have time
to prepare for a real fight.
OK men, let's have
some fun with him.
Send out Squadron One.
-Sir!
Second formation,
prepare to launch!
Raise the catapults!
-One, two, three, four.
So far, it appears I'm the
only one that they've noticed.
-Sai, since you
can go head-to-head
with the Sky ninja,
you're a big asset.
But look, there's no reason
for you to go all out on 'em.
We just need you to draw
their attention away
from the rest of us, got it?
[sigh]
-Shikamaru, you make
it sound so easy,
but I'm no good at this
kind of delicate job.
Oh well.
Guess I can hold back a bit.
[screech]
-Aah!
-Ah!
[scream]
-Was that too fast?
Like I said, I'm bad at this.
-Just as Lady Tsunade
said, it looks
like they're getting ready to
move to their second objective.
Astonishing.
Aircraft carriers anchored
here, just off our coast.
Your calculations were perfect.
-Well, it's the
same way worker bees
find their way back
to the beehive.
I just narrowed down the
possible flight distance
from the amount of chakra
that Neji's Byakugan detected.
-Even so, sending a single
four-man squad is bold.
Typical Shikamaru.
-Well, with those
ships, they could always
retreat into the open ocean.
So I figured we should
let the sky ninja think
we have no military
means to counter.
That way, they'll stick
around long enough
for us to do some real damage.
-Sasuke.
You've come.
-What do you want?
-Sasuke, we received word
that the Leaf Village
was bombed early this morning.
The Land of Sky was
behind it, a group
thought destroyed long ago.
-The Leaf Village?
After all this time, you're
still interested in them?
-My dear boy, I
don't really care
what happens to the Leaf
or its pathetic people.
When I summoned you
here, that place
was the furthest thing
from my mind, but--
[grunt]
[coughing]
-Lord Orochimaru.
-Sasuke, there is a man I would
like you to find and bring
to me.
-A man?
-A doctor.
-This doctor is
the one from whom
I received the forbidden
regeneration jutsu.
And after all these
years, I bet he's
perfected a different,
more desirable form of it.
-Oh, it's him, is it?
-Bring him here.
Alas, the time has come for me
to require that jutsu again.
SHINNO: Amaru's village is
upstream, deep in this jungle.
There are some
ancient ruins nearby.
-Yeah?
And why do we have to paddle up
the river in these dumb boats?
We'd get there faster if we
jumped out and went on foot.
-Through a jungle like this,
with giant bugs, deadly snakes,
and all kinds of
bloodthirsty beasts?
-Ah!
-Don't forget, the river is
host to man-eating catfish,
hungry alligators, and lots
of poisonous fish as well.
-Eh?
[splash]
-Don't be scared.
Both these boats
carry skilled doctors
who are way more useful
than any of you shinobi.
All I need to save
you is this scalpel.
-Oh yeah?
Well, it's us ninja who
are protecting you doctors.
And besides, I bet if you were
the one holding the scalpel,
you'd wind up killing
all your patients!
-What?
I may not look it, but I'm Dr.
Shinno's number one apprentice!
You and your cold ninja world
couldn't possibly understand!
There's nothing more important
than the master and student
bond!
-Say what?
You got no clue!
You wanna talk about bonds?
Me and Iruka-sensei,
Kakashi-sensei, even Pervy
Sage-- those bonds are
waaay, way stronger
than yours could ever be
with your dumb master-- owww!
Sakura, what'd you do that for?
-Just be quiet for a second.
-Huh?
-I see a flier out
there emanating
chakra-- the same kind
that attacked the Leaf.
-Uh-oh, not good.
Get under the trees!
-Eh?
Huh?
Darn it!
-Aah!
Hey!
[panting]
-He missed us.
Amaru!
Hey, Amaru!
SHINNO: Amaru!
Amaru!
Wake up, Amaru!
Come on, come back to us.
That's good, Amaru.
You did very well.
-Master Shinno, make me a ninja.
They teased me for being an
orphan, but I'll get strong
and I'll show them!
-Amaru, I gave up the
warrior's path long ago.
The power to fight
is important, yes,
but the ability to save
a life is even greater.
-The ability to save a life?
-As long as there are blades
that can wound people,
there are also blades
that can save them.
[gasp]
-Naruto!
-Amaru!
[grunting]
[panting]
-Idiot.
-No way.
You mean you're
a-- guh, guh, guh--
-Naruto?
Ah!
It's poisoned!
Naruto!
Stay with me!
[spitting]
-Naruto?
Um, why are you blushing?
-What?
Uh, it's nothing.
Must be the poison.
[spitting]
-And that's how the orphan
child gains acceptance.
They use the blade
to save lives.
Even injured, they run to
seek help for their village.
Now the child tries to save
a ninja who became a friend.
You've really grow, Amaru.
[sigh]
-You should be fine now.
SAKURA (VOICEOVER): Wow.
Poison is completely gone
and just the right amount
of antivenom was applied.
-Nice job.
It's perfect.
SHINNO: Amaru.
I'm very proud of you.
-Thanks, doctor.
NARUTO (VOICEOVER): Master
and apprentice, huh?
That's kinda nice.
[animal noises]
-No need to worry.
There aren't many bugs or
wild beasts round here.
We're almost to Amaru's village.
-Hey, uh, Amaru?
I'm sorry about that
stuff I said before.
Actually, you're awesome.
-I'm nothing special.
Dr. Shinno is the awesome one.
-Hey, uh, earlier?
Uh, how you were
all, you know, um,
kinda-- you know what I mean.
So are you?
-Hmph.
-Aah!
Grr.
No, seriously?
You mean you're a girl?
-Is that so shocking?
-Yeah.
I really had no idea.
-Do I really seem
like a guy to you?
-Um, yeah.
[sigh]
-I wonder if that's the only
way Dr. Shinno looks at me, too.
-Hmm?
I get it.
So you're secretly in
love with Old Man Shinno.
-Idiot!
It's nothing like that!
[gulp]
-I guess I still can't
move all that good, yet.
-Oh!
I'm sorry.
SAKURA: Look!
Over there!
-Huh?
What's going on?
Yaa!
Amaru!
-Wait!
Don't rush into this!
-Hold on a second!
[flames crackling]
-No.
This can't be happening.
[wood cracking]
Hello?
Where is everyone?
Can anybody hear me?
If you're all hiding, come out!
It's just me!
Huh?
-Amaru.
Are you all right?
-(WHISPERING) Doc.
-Wait, is that-- what happened?
-Doctor!
Doctor!
Hang in there!
[groaning]
Dr. Shinno.
-Talk about close calls, huh?
I got there just in time to
get you out of harm's way.
-But-- why?
-Because, you're the one I
recognized as my apprentice.
It's all up to you now.
Work with our new friends
and find the villagers.
You must hurry.
Find them, s-save them.
-Doctor!
-Old man!
[gasping]
-Doctor!
Doctor!
Please, you can't die!
[sobbing]
[wheezing]
[sigh]
-He's gone.
-No!
Doctor!
[sobbing]
AMARU (VOICEOVER): I
owe Dr. Shinno my life.
I was abandoned as a
child, so when I fell ill
from a mysterious disease,
no one in the whole village
would care for me.
But the doctor wasn't afraid
of catching the disease,
and he treated me.
When I woke up, he showed me a
tender smile and said softly,
"You did well.
You did well, Amaru."
[sobbing]
-Um, I think since
we didn't discover
any of the bodies
of the villagers,
they must have taken
refuge somewhere else.
-You're right.
Then we should
head out and search
for them, just the three of us.
-Right.
-Yeah.
-I'm not good enough unless
Dr. Shinno is by my side.
I can't save lives.
[sobbing]
I never got a chance
to say anything
to him-- to tell him how I feel.
[sobbing]
-What?
This chakra--
-It's just Naruto.
Naruto.
-Oh, hey, Sakura.
Uh, I thought you were
out searching with Hinata?
-We split up.
Anyway, why'd you stop looking?
What are you doing out here?
-Sakura, check it out.
-What is that?
-My guess is those
are the ruins Old Man
Shinno was talking about.
Amaru.
Hey, what are you
doing out here?
-I am the Zero-Tails.
When conflict rages in
the world and human hearts
are overtaken by
darkness, I am born anew.
-What are you talking about?
-Amaru!
What's wrong with you?
-I consume the darkness of
men's souls, rise up, and grow,
gathering limitless strength,
so that this world--
-(DEMONIC VOICE) --will
be ruled by darkness.
[growl]
-Where'd he go?
-Ninja Art-- Super Beast Scroll!
[scream]
Only one more to go.
SAI (VOICEOVER):
Shikamaru, I think
this is about all the
time I can give you.
-Looks like Sai has reached
the end of his rope.
-You stay here, Kakashi-sensei.
We need to buy a
little more time.
I'll go up there
and distract 'em.
-At last, relieved of my duty.
You take over from here.
-What a drag, but
someone's gotta do it.
Now then.
Attacking with the
sun behind you, huh?
That's clever.
You've been trained
well, but that'll
prove to be a fatal mistake.
Ninja Art-- Shadow
Paralysis Jutsu!
-Ah!
[grunting]
-Ah.
I think it's just about
time for a counterattack.
All right, it's up to the last
part of the four-man squad.
-What's this?
This chakra feels strange.
[yell]
-Aah!
-No!
Sakura!
Why you--
[heartbeat]
[snarling]
-You have something very
interesting inside of you.
Why won't you simply
release that power?
Why keep it hidden within you?
I want it.
[scream]
-Never!
It's too powerful,
too dangerous.
I can't rely on something that
almost killed Sakura and Pervy
Sage and everyone else.
-Surrender to it and
expose your evil to me.
Show me the darkness
you hold in your heart.
-No way.
I'm gonna save Amaru
with my own strength!
-That's impossible.
You, of all people,
should know that by now.
-What'd you say?
-Sasuke, was it?
You may have tried,
but your light
was no match for the
darkness in his heart.
The truth is, you
cannot save anyone!
[growl]
Yes, show me your rage.
Show me more.
[grunt]
You can't do anything.
[roar]
[snarl]
-Pervy Sage.
That's right.
I swore I was gonna bring Sasuke
back with my own strength.
Amaru!
Amaru, open your eyes!
Come on, weren't you Old
Man Shinno's apprentice?
An apprentice has to honor
their master's teachings!
Didn't Shinno always
teach you to save lives?
He said he was proud of you!
-Dr. Shinno.
[heartbeat]
SHINNO: It's not just
Naruto-- the darkness has also
faded from Amaru's heart.
Ah well.
It should be enough
to get started.
And if I continue to shroud
the world in conflict,
I'll soon have all the
darkness I could ever need.
Activate Ancor Vantian!
The time has come to destroy
the Five Great Nations!
Now is the time for the
rebirth of the Land of Sky!
[sobbing]
-I didn't-- I didn't mean--
NARUTO: Amaru!
-Huh?
-You all right?
You did real good.
I'm glad you're back with us.
And I bet Old Man Shinno would
have said the same thing.
-You're right.
-Huh?
Hey, Sakura, are you OK?
-Waa!
-Ow!
[clang]
Oww.
Why did you hit me like that?
-Because you were looking
at me all funny and it
freaked me out!
So wait-- what happened?
-I don't really understand
what happened back there,
but it looks like we wrapped
it up nice and quick-- aah!
[rumbling]
What in the heck?
-Or maybe it's not over at all.
[rumbling]
Hold on a sec.
What if Hinata and
the missing villagers
are inside those ruins?
-Listen, Sakura-- head
back to the Leaf Village
and take Amaru with you.
Leave Hinata and
the others to me.
I'll find 'em for sure.
-Right, got it.
And I'll hurry back with
lots of reinforcements.
Amaru, let's go.
What's the matter?
I'll carry you on my back.
Hurry now!
Amaru!
-I won't!
-Huh?
-I have to honor Dr.
Shinno's teachings.
I have to save my people.
-I'm sorry, but I can't leave
you here in your condition.
-I totally understand.
-Huh?
-Follow me, kid.
-Naruto, wait a second.
You can't just--
-All right!
-Don't worry!
I'll watch out for
Amaru, no matter what!
-Naruto!
[sigh]
Heh, he never does
listen to me, does he?
SAKURA (VOICEOVER): Anyway, I've
gotta notify the Leaf Village.
[rumbling]
-The forest-- is moving.
Naruto!
-What do you think?
Should we send more men?
-There's no need for that.
Just hurry up with
the refueling.
-Sir!
Keep refueling!
Quickly, men!
-I'll finish you
off some other day.
Perhaps when we destroy
the Leaf Village.
-It's about time.
-It appears the enemy
has finished refueling.
We'll have to go up against
another full scale attack.
-There's need to
worry about that.
Why, you ask?
Simple.
Because there's no way I failed.
[explosion]
[yelling]
-What the--
-Ah!
Nooo!
-No!
It's impossible!
[chirping]
Wha-- bugs?
-Hm.
-Now that was something else.
[sigh]
-Naruto?
-Hm?
-Is this real?
I mean, these ruins are flying.
This is nuts.
-Ugh, you're right about that.
I don't get what's
going on around here.
This whole day's been nothing
but one surprise after another.
SHINNO (VOICEOVER):
You're the one
I recognize as my apprentice.
AMARU (VOICEOVER): Doctor.
NARUTO: Amaru.
-Huh?
-Let's move.
-Yeah.
If this thing was
built by humans,
then there has to be someone
controlling it from somewhere.
-Right.
And if we can find that guy,
we could send these ruins
back down to earth.
And when we do that, those
villagers are as good as saved.
AMARU: Look!
-Multi Shadow Clone Jutsu!
Sorry guys, but you're
kinda in our way!
[punching and kicking]
[footsteps approaching]
SHINNO: I'm so very
proud of you two.
-Ah!
You-- I knew it!
I knew it!
-Oh.
[chuckling]
-I believed!
I believed in you!
I knew you were still alive!
I knew you wouldn't leave me.
[sobbing]
-Old man, what is going on?
What's the meaning of
all this craziness?
-Let's see.
Ah, that's a tricky one.
Even if I explained it, I doubt
your small minds could fully
grasp it.
[giggle]
We're inside a flying
fortress called Ancor Vantian.
It looks like ancient ruins,
but it's been painstakingly
developed and constructed
over several decades
by ninja from the Land of Sky.
It's the ultimate
weapon of destruction.
-Ancor Vantian?
-That's right.
It means "the
fortress of the king."
-So, old man, what are
you doing here, then,
sitting on the throne?
Didn't those kunai
hurt you at all?
-Ah, yes.
Well, it was child's
play to convince
the likes of Sakura and
Hinata that I was dead.
[gasp]
Then I revived my damaged organs
using my Body Activation Jutsu.
-Jutsu?
Hey, you're talking pretty
strange and I don't like it!
You'd better tell us what
you're doing here, old man.
You did come to these ruins
to whup these guys, didn't ya?
-Oh, you still
haven't caught on yet.
-Doctor, what-- ah!
-Obviously, I'm not
about to bring harm
to my closest allies.
-Amaru!
-Ah!
Aah!
[grunt]
-14 years ago, I
posed as a doctor
and traveled the world, all
the while gathering knowledge
on how to control
the Zero-Tails.
-You mean you-- you've been
tricking us this whole time!
-It took 13 long years
to find the scroll that
enabled me to revive
the beast, but find it
I did-- hidden in
the Leaf Village.
And at last, I have
mastered the Zero-Tails
and its vast power
of dark chakra.
-Did you say dark chakra?
-Wait!
Naruto!
He's not behaving like himself!
He's gotta be sick, right?
Maybe we can cure him somehow.
Please!
-Eh?
[fabric ripping]
-Huh?
[chuckling]
-Wrong diagnosis, Amaru.
If you think I've lost my
mind, you're sorely mistaken.
In fact, if anything
is unnatural,
it's how I've been
acting until now.
[laughter]
-Nice look, Amaru.
You pretending to be Shinno?
You can wear his clothes,
but you ain't got his skills.
[laughter]
-Amaru, I think they
look quite good on you.
-Thanks very much, doctor.
SHINNO: When darkness is
present in people's hearts,
the Zero-Tails can
take a hold over them
and turn their darkness of
the heart into actual chakra.
Once I understood that,
it was quite simple.
It only took me
14 years to learn.
-Darkness of the heart?
-People overcome by despair.
When sadness washes over
them, people focus great anger
and hatred at the source of
their misery, and in doing so,
create the darkest of chakras.
I ordered the attack
on your village
so the Zero-Tails
would possess you.
-No.
You're lying--
aren't you, doctor?
Master!
[laughter]
-(MOCKINGLY) "Master,"
"apprentice"--
who cares about
such stupid titles?
To me, you were nothing
more than a convenient pawn
in my plan.
[laughter]
-You've grown so much, Amaru.
I'm proud of you.
-Yes.
[scream]
[chuckling]
-Trust me, after you've
saved a person's life,
they will never doubt you
about anything at all.
-Amaru-- snap out
of it, will ya?
[whimpering]
-Ooh, there it is.
I can feel it-- dark chakra
coursing through my veins.
[laughter]
-You're gonna pay.
I won't let up and I'll
never forgive you for this!
-Dark chakra isn't
only used to reawaken
the Zero-Tails, my boy.
It has other uses, too.
For example, it can do this.
[growling]
[chuckling]
That was the Body
Activation Jutsu.
In this form, with this colossal
body, I can open up all eight
of the inner chakra gates,
including the gate of death.
-(IN UNISON) Aah!
[grunt]
-Are you starting to understand
what this ultimate form, born
of the Body Activation
Jutsu, can do?
Ooh, sorry.
I'm still having
trouble getting used
to this incredible strength.
Now I see.
This seat must been
created for the one who
possesses the ultimate body.
It's a fine throne, fit
for a man strong enough
to be called king.
-Ain't gonna happen.
-(IN UNISON) Aah!
-Hmph.
-Aah!
You think you're a king?
I think you're nothing!
And I'm not gonna
let you do this!
Amaru--
-In the human body, a
muscle is strengthened
through the process of
damage and recovery.
Therefore, I need only to apply
the basics of medical ninjutsu.
Through this process
alone, my body
can become massively powerful,
capable of nearly anything.
-Monster.
-And when my ultimate
body releases chakra,
it unleashes its most supreme
attack-- Super Activation Fist.
NARUTO: Aah!
[grunt]
-What a nice surprise.
You can still move after
that kind of punishment.
However, I still
haven't paid you back
for damaging my throne.
It's gonna hurt.
Were you trying
to sneak up on me?
That's not very nice.
Hmm.
Come on then, hit me.
Hit me with the dark
power inside you.
-Not gonna happen!
-Why do you resist?
The Zero-Tails told me you
have something inside of you,
something that would bring
me great entertainment.
-No way.
Not gonna use that!
-My power, I must test it.
I have to know how strong
dark chakra really is.
-You listen to me.
I'm gonna put a stop to you.
And all I need is
this first, got that?
So get ready to pay!
-Now you listen to me.
You're done.
That's it.
That's as strong
as you'll ever be.
No matter how long you try
or how hard you believe,
this is all the
power you can obtain.
In the end, that's all you got.
Humans are weak.
They have no fangs or claws.
Why, their only unique
skill is crying.
And yet, somehow, they managed
to conquer the entire world.
Do you know why?
Because among all living
things on the planet, humans--
[grunt]
--are the most cruel!
Am I wrong?
Unlike every other
creature, humans
try to improve their condition.
They join together,
and now they've
achieved a higher status.
And what power did
they use to achieve it?
It most certainly was
not the power of love!
-You gotta be kidding me.
Just 'cause you've got some
freaky jutsu that puffs up
your muscles, it
doesn't give you
the right to be all
high and mighty.
Look, I know I'm gonna
sound a little cheesy here,
but the fact is, all my
sensei and all my friends who
fight beside me-- heck, even
Pervy Sage-- I love them.
Ya hear me?
I love them with all my heart!
[clang]
[thump]
-OK, enough.
I get it already.
What was I even thinking?
I tried to explain
myself, but a fool
like you couldn't
possibly understand.
"Master." "Love."
[chuckling]
Answer me this-- where did
Amaru's so-called love get you?
In the end, that's what
created this whole mess.
-Shut up!
-Naruto!
It's my fault.
My power did this.
-It'll take more than that.
-Naruto!
-Here I come!
-Activation Fist!
-Naruto!
[chuckling]
-That's it, Amaru.
Don't lose that hatred of yours.
Never forgive me for
the evil I've done.
[laughter]
SHINNO (VOICEOVER):
As long as there
are blades that
can wound people,
there are also blades
that can save them.
[sobbing]
NARUTO: Amaru.
I can still fight.
All the sadness you feel,
all your pain-- it's OK.
It's not your fault.
You can't help it.
Don't worry, I'll
take it-- that pain,
I'll take it all on myself.
You stay right there, because
I'm about to knock you out!
-Naruto, sorry.
I'm sorry.
Doctor.
[stab]
[gasp]
-You can't.
That's not the way.
Don't you get it?
You have to live.
And that's why-- that's why
you have to say goodbye.
You never told him.
Never had the chance,
isn't that right?
You have to tell him
how you feel, right?
-Mm.
The first time I was praised,
he was the one who praised me.
The first time I was
taught, he was the one
to teach me, the first
person to guide me.
-Keep going.
-The first time I wondered if I
was pretty, and the first time
I ever cared what someone
thought of me, he was my world.
-Huh?
-All I could think
about was the doctor.
It was my first time
wanting someone's heart.
I wanted to be loved.
The truth is that I
always loved you, doctor!
[laughter]
-Hey!
Shut it, dirtbag!
Do me a favor-- how about
keeping your freaky ideas
to yourself and quit
forcing 'em on us?
Because you may believe
that a person's love leads
to darkness, but you're wrong!
You can't destroy love!
Never!
Yaa!
You are nothing but
a worthless scumbag!
[groaning]
-My, my chakra is getting-- oh!
-I told you, I will
never forgive you.
Rasengan!
Sasuke?
Sasuke!
Why are you here?
-After all this time, it
seems that Lord Orochimaru
would like some
assistance from you.
-Oh, is that the case?
And what if I should resist you?
I assume you'd have
to take me by force.
-If that's how you wish
it to be, then yes.
[laughter]
-Don't underestimate me, kid.
Do you think I'm all
out of dark chakra?
Ridiculous!
The world is teaming with
darkness from people's hearts,
and with my Body
Activation Jutsu--
-Go ahead and try it.
-Oh!
-I won't stop you.
Be my guest.
[punch]
[grunt]
What are you waiting for?
Show it to me.
-Stop, Sasuke!
You don't get it!
This guy gets stronger
the more you beat him up!
[growling]
[grunt]
-Ah!
Ah!
[groaning]
-Doctor.
-What's the matter?
Can't heal yourself?
-W-what have you done?
-I took a good look at your
chakra and saw its entire flow.
Guess you didn't notice
my Chidori Senbon.
-No!
You mean you somehow undermined
the control of my chakra
points?
But when did you-- oh!
-Don't worry, I won't kill you--
but I will be taking you back
to face Orochimaru.
[chuckling]
-I highly doubt
Orochimaru wants me.
He's probably trying to
get his hands on this.
I stole this scroll
from the Leaf, you see.
[laughter]
I'm not done yet!
Nothing is finished!
[laughter]
-Sasuke!
Amaru, I'm gonna go
and try to find him.
It's like you said, there
might be a way to cure him.
It's worth a shot, right?
I mean, you can
always give up later.
Right now, you have gotta
go save those villagers.
That way, you're honoring
the teachings of your master.
Sasuke!
Wait up!
How long have you been here?
Talk to me, Sasuke!
[machinery moving]
Hey, what do you see?
[gasp]
[cackling]
-You followed me down here?
How stupid can you be?
-Who are you calling stupid?
-Look at that.
Can't use your Chidori
down here, can you?
This place absorbs the chakra
collected by the Zero-Tails
and converts it to power.
Now that you morons are
here, any chakra you release
will be absorbed as more
fuel for Ancor Vantian, which
means the two of you
can't do a thing.
[laughter]
NARUTO: Will you
shut up already?
I don't need chakra!
Hyaa!
I'm gonna take you
down, and I'm gonna
do it with my two bare hands.
-If that thing absorbs
all the chakra around it,
we're all at the
same disadvantage.
-You're both a bit
slow to catch on.
I didn't lead you all the way
to the core of Ancor Vantian
so I could shut off
your puny chakra.
Behold!
-Huh?
[laughter]
-What did you think
Ancor Vantian was,
some kind of extravagant
floating fortress?
You really believe I would
dare meddle with something
as dangerous as a Tailed
Beast just for that?
It's bigger than that.
Why, it can obliterate
the Five Great Nations!
It's equipped with the
ultimate weapon of destruction!
-What?
-Just watch.
[yelling]
[rumbling]
SHIKAMARU (VOICEOVER):
W-what just happened?
[gasp]
SHINNO: You see?
That is the power
of the Land of Sky!
And after I've destroyed each
of the Five Great Nations,
I will reign supreme
over a vast Sky empire!
-You're insane.
You think we're
gonna allow that?
-What fools.
Raa!
-Sasuke!
[laughter]
-Oh, I think I shall
kill you first, Sasuke.
[chuckling]
-You maniac!
Let him go!
Let Sasuke go now!
[gasp]
-It's them.
[coughing]
Hey!
Are you guys--
[soft moaning]
What the-- what's
wrong with them?
What's going on?
Don't worry, I'll save you!
Aah!
Ah!
HINATA: Don't touch it.
This jail cell is designed
to absorb all of your chakra.
AMARU: Hinata!
-Time's running out.
Amaru, at this rate,
the villagers will all--
you've got to undo the lock.
Hurry.
-Oh!
Is that it?
[unscrewing glass]
AMARU (VOICEOVER): Doctor.
[moaning]
Doctor, I'll do my best.
-Ah!
[door unlocking]
[laughter]
-What's the matter?
Can't fight back
without your chakra?
[chuckling]
You puny brats.
-Oh yeah?
That's funny, coming from you.
You couldn't even
handle us puny brats
without turning into
some overgrown monster!
You really think
you're tough, huh?
Well, prove it!
-You little-- fine, if
that's what you want!
You don't know when
to shut up, do you?
Behold the awesome power
of the Sky Emperor!
SASUKE: This is
painful to watch.
-Huh?
-To think that someone
who doesn't even
know the limits of his own
powers can be the Sky Emperor.
I mean, that's beyond pitiful.
It's pathetic!
-Just what do you
think you're doing?
Are you trying to speed up
your death or something?
NARUTO: So that's it.
I read a loud and clear, Sasuke.
You know, if you want our
chakra that badly, come on then!
We'll give you all ya want!
[roar]
-Impossible!
More chakra than even the
Zero-Tails can absorb?
-Multi Shadow Clones Jutsu!
Give him everything
we've got and then some!
-(IN UNISON) All right!
-How dare you!
-Raa!
-Die!
Die!
-Tornado Rasengan!
-No!
-I see.
So that's how it works.
-Aah!
[growling]
SASUKE: This is over.
-You were right about one
thing-- you damn well don't
deserve to be called doctor.
[groan]
-I didn't think it
would come to this.
[coughing]
But no matter what,
I refuse to die.
-What?
-Destroying that stone base
releases the Zero-Tails
and its accumulated power
from any sort of control.
You may very well be the
lone survivor of the once
mighty Uchiha clan, and you
may indeed be the Nine-Tails
jinchuuriki, but you're still
just a pair of worthless brats
who don't have any
idea what you're doing.
-What are you talking
about, you old loon?
-Now that you kiddies have
released the Zero-Tails
from my control, I have no
idea what will happen next.
-What?
Wait, Sasuke, where
are you going?
-What's happening?
You there!
Stop!
NARUTO: Rasengan!
Sasuke!
Hold up!
-Where does he think he's going?
[yelling]
AMARU: Hurry!
One at a time!
How do we launch this thing?
-You see over there?
There's a release lever
right below that base.
-Got it!
NARUTO: Hurry up!
Get on, Amaru!
-Huh?
-Hey, Hinata!
I just need to pull this, right?
-Naruto!
-Naruto-- the doctor?
-Amaru, get on.
-But what are you gonna do?
Can you fly?
-I'm gonna stay.
There's some things
I gotta take care of.
Just go with the villagers.
-No!
If you're staying,
then I am too!
NARUTO: Forget it!
-I don't care what you say!
I'm staying with
you no matter-- aah!
-Oh!
-Sasuke, is that you?
-Enough talk.
-Naruto!
-Hey!
Nice one!
Thank you, Sasuke.
[music playing]
[sigh]
NARUTO (VOICEOVER): Get a grip.
At some point, you
gotta stop this thing.
-Do you understand why we
ninja take on apprentices?
It's so we can pass
on our own ninja way
to a whole new
generation of youngsters.
You still have a long way
to go with your jutsu,
but at least I know your
spirit and your gutsiness
will always be just like mine.
-Yeah, Pervy Sage.
My gutsiness.
Gutsiness.
That's right, gutsiness.
Gutsiness!
Let's do this, guys!
-(IN UNISON) Yeah!
-Gutsiness Rasengan!
-(IN UNISON) Raa!
-He's not stopping, is he?
-Because he's stupid.
-It's coming straight for us.
-We should probably run for it.
-Mm, probably.
[yelling]
-(IN UNISON) Rasengan!
-What is that?
-Neji, can you see anyone?
-Heh, don't go wasting
your Byakugan on this one.
-Oh yeah.
NARUTO (VOICEOVER): Heh, how
do you like that, Pervy Sage?
My gutsiness pulled
through after all.
NARUTO: Rasengan!
-Oh no!
Naruto!
Amaru, Wait!
-Naruto!
AMARU (VOICEOVER): Naruto.
No, I won't leave you.
-Amaru-- you're
crazy, you know that?
-I guess, but so are you.
Idiot.
-Hm, it's funny.
Sasuke told me something once.
He said, "How can you understand
the feelings of someone who's
all alone?"
I've always been
alone, my whole life.
Hm.
-Mm.
But you're not.
You're not alone-- because
I'm right here with you.
NARUTO: Huh, I can feel 'em.
I can feel my
friends, all of 'em.
[croak]
-Oh, for goodness sake.
[MUSIC - HOME MADE KAZOKU, "NO
RAIN NO RAINBOW"]
OROCHIMARU: So,
this is the scroll
in which the forbidden
regeneration jutsu is written.
-You weren't able to
bring Shinno back alive.
Such an uncharacteristic
failure.
Hmph.
-Sasuke-- tell me, did
something good happen to you?
Odd.
For some reason, I
get that feeling.
-I promise, I'm gonna
bring you back to the Leaf.
-Chidori Light Blade!
[electric crackle]